and now coming into the game it's an
interesting story ladies gentlemen you
can hear the crowd good guard a 65
senior who has had cancer as 30
Schneider from Fort Collins froze over
20 spicer to shake his hand he was made
the upper captain today by coach boo
stick for the Rocky Mountain Lobos
because of the cancer and the issues he
had and guess what happened today today
they found out it's in remission the
young kids coming out in the cord he's
got a right headband on you can hear the
goddess let the crowd teller
garrett carpet this kid scores a basket
it's going to be like they just won the
state tournament 55 seconds score is
irrelevant right now right now we just
want to get geared carp with the basket
65 senior in for Rocky he's one of the
honorary captains today he'd had cancer
all year they found out it's in
remission he's out on the court the
crowd is standing there staying
three-point basket shot up no bid by
fort collins here comes rocky they get
the ball too dark to garrett he comes
down he shoots a three
listen to the crowd good curb Thanks it
in for the three-pointer another shot is
up by rocky no good rebound to rocky
shot is up and good underneath and
there's a foul and the basket was good
by number 34 Ethan cart and the crowd is
going nuts they're congratulating good
car the 65 senior he's got a big smile
on his face he goes over the bar and
they have the Crowder's up and
applauding their fort collins and rocky
mountain everybody student section for
Fort Collins and what a neat neat neat
neat thing ladies and gentlemen you need
to come watch high school basketball
special moments 5437 the store is
irrelevant four columns is going to win
this thing 13 seconds to go as they
bring it down and coach who stick goes
down and high-fives GARP it tells him
you need to call that three next time
honey time runs out teen shake hands in
the middle of the court there column
twins 54 to 37 and just a well played
game overshadowed by gay copes creeper
just get that banked in right at the end
of the game I've never seen both teams
fans have swarmed the floor Rocky's on
the left on the right foot Collins is on
the left and they're they're all
celebrating with each player they're
looking for GARP they've got GARP down
here everybody's hugging him young man
that today was named an honorary captain
found out that his cancer was in
remission today and he just made a huge
three my player of the game is Garrett
go 65 senior of Rocky Mountain number 50
here it's our player of the game he's in
the middle of the floor right now
amongst everybody as they applaud he
doesn't know what to do he's looking
around everybody's patting him on the
back and hugging him and it doesn't
matter rocky what colleges on the left
hand side celebrating their victory
which is important to them of course
they didn't lose a game on the road this
year and they won the game 54 237 but
highlighting everything was garbage
3-pointer that he banked in he's still
getting hugs
what a neat event to be at tonight now
listen the final score tonight fort
collins 54 rocky mountain 37 now get out
support local high school activities you
might be surprised at the fun you have
we had a brawl tonight for Marcus
Johnson back at the station and gun here
with mile high sports preps calm making
everything run smoothly this is Jerry
Paducah thanking you for tuning in
tonight as Fort Collins defeats Rocky
Mountain 54 237 but the highlight
Garrett County 65 senior knocks in the
three pointer he's our player of the
game until next time
go to some high school basketball games
good night